[IMP] rental: revised physical products page (#18236)
odoo/documentation: content/applications/sales/rental/configure_products/products.rst

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To create a pickup or return receipt, navigate to the desired rental order, click the
```

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   Next, go to the :menuselection:`Inventory app --> Configuration --> Locations`. Create a new
   location for each storefront.
```

I know this wasn't part of your original update, but the original was missing the hyphens to properly form the path for the menuselection.

========================

The Odoo **Rental** app allows users to customize scheduling, pricing, and inventory for physical

> rental products that require stock movement, otherwise known as *Goods*. Users can set up multiple

Reviewer: if the term _goods_  is widely used in the product, consider
1. adding it to the article title
2. flipping this sentence to lead with the term

Author: I am sticking with products because beginner users often refer to rental items like this. I can revisit the decision in the next iteration of the document.

pickup and drop-off locations and track rental products by serial number.

Settings
========

The **Rental** app offers many app-integration features. Depending on the installed Odoo apps,
specific settings are available. To learn more about the default settings for rental products, refer
to the :ref:`rental/product_types/configuration` section on the *Rental product types* page.

To access the **Rental** app's settings, navigate to :menuselection:`Rental app --> Configuration
--> Settings`. If only the **Rental** app is installed, then the :guilabel:`Configuration` menu is
disabled and can't be accessed.

> The following configurations assume the **Rental**, **Inventory**, and **Sales** apps are installed.

Reviewer: consider keeping this information in the main _rental product types_ article, and linking to it in a `seealso` admonition

Reviewer: if you do, this section could be removed entirely

and the _create a new physical product section_ could be renamed to something _configuration_-related, which more closely reflects our standard article structure

Author: Thank you, Rex. I will move the rental transfer feature to its own page in the docs in the next iteration. I will take note of this feedback.

.. _rental/products/physical-products:

> Create a new physical product

Reviewer: consider renaming to something _configuration_-related

Reviewer: for future PR: consider formatting form field-based sections as bulleted lists

=============================

To set up a new physical rental product, go to the :menuselection:`Rental app --> Products`, then
click :guilabel:`New`.

General Information tab
-----------------------

In the new product window, the :guilabel:`Sales` checkbox is already selected by default. Select the
:guilabel:`Product Type` as :guilabel:`Goods`.

Tick the :guilabel:`Track Inventory` checkbox and select :guilabel:`By Quantity` from the drop-down
menu. For the :guilabel:`Category` field, select :guilabel:`Goods` from the drop-down menu or create

> a new category by typing in the name and clicking :guilabel:`Create`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Select the :guilabel:`Track Inventory` checkbox and select :guilabel:`By Quantity` from the
drop-down menu. For the :guilabel:`Category` field, select :guilabel:`Goods` from the drop-down menu
or create a new category by typing in the name and clicking :guilabel:`Create`.
```

According to our style guide, we want to avoid using the word "tick," as it doesn't translate well. Use "select" or "click" instead.

.. image:: products/new-product-form.png
   :alt: The new product view in the Rental app.

.. _rental/products/base-rental-period-price:

Set a base rental period and price
----------------------------------

Set up a base rental rate by entering the lowest rental price in the :guilabel:`Sales Price` field
of the *General Information* tab. Next, click the :guilabel:`Sales` tab, then in the *Rental*
section select a unit of time from the :guilabel:`Periodicity` drop-down menu.

The :guilabel:`Periodicity` field changes depending on the selected time value or on whether the
*eCommerce* module is installed. If the :guilabel:`Periodicity` value is :guilabel:`Hours`, the
:guilabel:`Padding Time` field is displayed. Configure it to make the product unavailable to rent
for the selected duration.

If the *eCommerce* module is installed, the :guilabel:`Pickup` and :guilabel:`Return` fields are
displayed for every :guilabel:`Periodicity` field option except :guilabel:`Hours`. The

> :guilabel:`Pickup` and :guilabel:`Return` times only apply to online rental orders.

Reviewer: consider putting this info an admonition block, or linking with a `ref` if it's already located in another article

All additional rental rates can be configured on the :ref:`rental/products/prices-tab`, but they are
restricted to the configured :guilabel:`Periodicity` value selected in the *Sales* tab. In other

> words, a rental product can only have one :guilabel:`Periodicity` value configured at a time.

Reviewer: ok this is important too..

Reviewer: there's already a lot of admonition-y info above and below, but consider finding a different way to call out the limit of **one** periodicity value at a time

.. image:: products/rental-periodicity.png
   :alt: Sample of the Rental product's Periodicity and Padding time in the Rental app.

Attributes & Variants tab
-------------------------

.. important::

>    The :guilabel:`Variant` feature in the **Inventory** app must be enabled for this tab to display.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   The :guilabel:`Variants` feature in the **Inventory** app must be enabled for this tab to
   display.
```

Verified the name of the feature in Inventory.

> Add the appropriate :ref:`attribute and its values <products/variants/attributes>` by clicking the

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Add the appropriate :ref:`attribute and its values <products/variants/attributes>` by clicking
```

Found a stray "the."

:guilabel:`Add a line`. Attributes and values are useful for keeping the product library manageable,
tracking and differentiating the inventory, and providing more detailed reports. Examples of rental

> variants for a *Goods* product are: sizes, brand, color, and material.

Reviewer: consider just linking to the product variants article

most of this section isn't necessary since we aren't providing any new details, with the exception of maybe the last sentence

manually)` icon near the top to save.

.. example::
   A bike rental business rents out its bikes on an hourly basis but offers a 20% discount for
   summer break. The regular hourly rate for their bikes is $20.

   Enter the :guilabel:`Sales Price` in the *General Information* tab of the product form, then
   click the :guilabel:`Sales` tab to configure the :guilabel:`Periodicity` and :guilabel:`Padding
   Time`.

   .. image:: products/rental-sales-tab-rental-section.png
      :alt: Example of a rental product configured as a Goods type in the Rental app.

   Using the Pricelist method, navigate to :menuselection:`Rental app --> Products --> Pricelists`
   and click :guilabel:`New`. Configure :guilabel:`Pricelist Rules` for the 20% discount.

   .. image:: products/example-pricelist-method.png

>        :alt: Sample of a rental product with the custom rental pricelist applied.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
      :alt: Sample of a rental product with the custom rental pricelist applied.
```

One too many spaces for this alt tag.

   Using the :guilabel:`Prices` tab method, navigate to :menuselection:`Rental app --> Products -->
   Products` and click the bike product. Click the :guilabel:`Prices` tab, then add a new discounted
   price for the hourly rate. To add the :guilabel:`Validity` column, click the
   :icon:`oi-settings-adjust` :guilabel:`(Settings adjust)` icon and select :guilabel:`Validity`.
   Then enter the date range in which the discount is applicable.

   .. image:: products/example-prices-tab-method.png
      :alt: Sample of a rental product's Price tab.

> Configure a physical rental product for product tracking

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Configure product tracking
```

> ========================================================

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Configure product tracking
==========================
```

This was causing one of your checks to fail. Fixed it here.

.. important::
   To configure a physical rental product for product tracking, the **Inventory** app must be
   installed, and *Lots & Serial Numbers* must be enabled.

Go to the :menuselection:`Rental app --> Products --> Products`, then click :guilabel:`New`. In the
new product window, the :guilabel:`Sales` checkbox is already selected by default. Select
:guilabel:`Goods` as the :guilabel:`Product Type`, then select the :guilabel:`Track Inventory`
checkbox. The :guilabel:`Tracking` and :guilabel:`Quantity On Hand` fields display.

Click into the :guilabel:`Tracking` field and select either :guilabel:`By Lots` or :guilabel:`By
Unique Serial Number`. Enter the number of products available to rent in the :guilabel:`Quantity On

> Hand` field.

Reviewer: consider linking to inventory [product tracking](https://www.odoo.com/documentation/saas-19.2/applications/inventory_and_mrp/inventory/product_management/product_tracking.html) article

For the :guilabel:`Category` field, select :guilabel:`Goods` from the drop-down menu or create a new
category by typing in the name and clicking :guilabel:`Create`. Configure :ref:`basic rental rate
<rental/products/base-rental-period-price>` and any :ref:`additional rates
<rental/products/prices-tab>`. Click the :icon:`fa-cloud-upload` :guilabel:`(Save manually)` icon
near the top to save.

> Rental Transfers feature
> ========================
> 
> The :guilabel:`Rental Transfers` feature automatically creates a delivery receipt when the rental
> product is picked up and a return receipt when it is returned to stock. Documenting stock movement
> creates a clean paper trail and has a variety of uses:
> 
> - Tracking high-value products.
> - Tracking stock levels across multiple stores or warehouse locations.
> - Tracking products between different store locations that allow pick up and returns.
> 
> To enable the :guilabel:`Rental Transfers` feature, navigate to the :menuselection:`Rental app -->
> Configuration --> Settings` and in the *Rental* section, select the :guilabel:`Rental Transfers`
> checkbox.
> 
> .. image:: products/rental-transfers-checkbox.png
>    :alt: Sample of the Rental Settings with Rental Transfers enabled.
> 
> .. note::
>    The **Inventory** app automatically creates an internal default location once the
>    :guilabel:`Rental Transfers` feature is enabled. Odoo uses the new default location,
>    :guilabel:`Customer/Rental`, to track products during the rental period (moving them from
>    :guilabel:`Stock` to :guilabel:`Customer/Rental` upon rental, and back upon return). Do not
>    modify :guilabel:`Customer/Rental` to avoid corrupting inventory tracking.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

Reviewer: redundant with next section

.. _rental/products/multi-location:

> Multi-location management and transfers

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Track rental transfers
```

=======================================

.. important::
   The **Inventory** app must be installed to set up this configuration. The **Inventory** app
   automatically creates an internal default location once the :guilabel:`Rental Transfers` feature
   is enabled. Odoo uses the new default location, :guilabel:`Customer/Rental`, to track products
   during the rental period (moving them from :guilabel:`Stock` to :guilabel:`Customer/Rental` upon
   rental, and back upon return).

   Do not modify :guilabel:`Customer/Rental` to avoid corrupting inventory tracking.

> Tracking the location of high-value physical products between locations is essential. The **Rental**

Reviewer: consider replacing with bulleted list from _Rental Transfers feature_

app helps with the :guilabel:`Rental Transfers` feature. Activating rental transfers means the
system treats rental movements similarly to sales, requiring a receipt and a delivery order every
time a physical product is rented or returned.

> For multi-location management and rental item transfer tracking, navigate to the

Reviewer: consider adding link to inventory app scope's _locations_ or _tracking_ articles

:menuselection:`Rental app --> Configuration --> Settings` and in the *Rental* section, select the
:guilabel:`Rental Transfers` checkbox.

Next, go to the :menuselection:`Inventory app --> Configuration --> Settings` and in the *Warehouse*
section, select the :guilabel:`Storage Locations` checkbox. Click :guilabel:`Save` to apply the
changes.

To configure new locations, navigate to :menuselection:`Inventory app --> Configuration -->
Locations`. Click :guilabel:`New` to configure a new internal location.

On the new location page, enter the :guilabel:`Location Name` and ensure the :guilabel:`Parent
Location` field is set to :guilabel:`WH`. Click the :icon:`fa-cloud-upload` (:guilabel:`Save

> manually`) icon near the top to save.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Location` field is set to :guilabel:`WH`. Click the :icon:`fa-cloud-upload` :guilabel:`(Save
manually)` icon near the top to save.
```

We usually keep the parentheses inside of the guilabel tag.

> manually`) icon near the top to save.

Reviewer: consider sub-sectioning OR combining into one paragraph, so discrete topics/actions are more clearly grouped together

   .. image:: products/configured-locations.png
      :alt: Sample of internal inventory locations that represent different rental store locations.

> Pickup products

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Process physical pickups
```

Reviewer: IMO it would be helpful to include imperatives in these 2 headings bc it's workflow-based

===============

> When a customer picks up rental products, navigate to the desired rental order and click

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When a customer picks up a rental product, navigate to the desired rental order and click
```

.. _rental/return-products:

Process physical returns
========================

When a customer returns a product, navigate to the desired rental order and click :guilabel:`Return`.

> The **Rental** app displays a warehouse receipt form listing the checked-out rental products.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
When a customer returns a product, navigate to the desired rental order and click
:guilabel:`Return`. The **Rental** app displays a warehouse receipt form listing the checked-out
rental products.
```

Line was one character too long; fixed the paragraph here.

.. _rental/return-products:

> Return products

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Process physical returns
```

===============

> When a customer returns products, navigate to the desired rental order and click :guilabel:`Return`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When a customer returns a product, navigate to the desired rental order and click :guilabel:`Return`.
```

Click :guilabel:`Validate` to move the order to the :guilabel:`Done` stage. A :guilabel:`Returned`
status banner appears on the rental order.

Print pickup and return receipts
================================

Pickup and return receipts can be created and downloaded for customers when they pick up and

> return rental products.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Pickup and return receipts can be created and downloaded for customers when they pick up and return
rental products.
```

Fixing an early line break.

To create a pickup or return receipt, navigate to the desired rental order, click the

> :icon:`fa-cog` :guilabel:`(Actions)` icon to reveal a drop-down menu.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To create a pickup or return receipt, navigate to the desired rental order, click the :icon:`fa-cog`
:guilabel:`(Actions)` icon to reveal a drop-down menu.
```

Another early line break.

Click :guilabel:`Validate` to move the order to the :guilabel:`Done` stage. A :guilabel:`Returned`
status banner appears on the rental order.

Print pickup and return receipts
================================

> Pickup and return receipts can be created and downloaded for customers when they pick up and/or

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Pickup and return receipts can be created and downloaded for customers when they pick up and
```

> Odoo downloads a PDF detailing all information about the current status of the rented items.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Odoo downloads a PDF with the current status of the rented items.
```

Reviewer: or specify what "all information" means
